update full refresh (#6817)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/full_refresh.md

</Tabs>

## Description

The `full_refresh` config allows you to optionally configure whether a resource will always or never perform a full-refresh. This config is an override for the `--full-refresh` command line flag used when running dbt commands. 

You can set the `full_refresh` config in the `dbt_project.yml` file or in a resource config. 

| `full_refresh` value | Behavior |
| ---------------------------- | -------- |
| If set to `true` | The resource _always_ performs a full refresh, regardless of whether you pass the `--full-refresh` flag in the dbt command. |
| If set to `false` | The resource _never_ performs a full refresh, regardless of whether you pass the `--full-refresh` flag in the dbt command. |

> | If set to `none` or omitted | The resource follows the behavior of the `--full-refresh` flag. If the flag is used, the resource will full-refresh; otherwise, it won't. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If set to `none` or omitted | The resource follows the behavior of the `--full-refresh` flag. If the flag is used, the resource will perform a full refresh; otherwise, it will not. |
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Just updated this sentence a little.

Kind Regards
Natalie
